Improving Readme (#121)
hariharan-devarajan/dftracer: README.md

dft_fn = dft_fn("COMPUTE")

# Example of using function decorators
@dft_fn.log
def log_events(index):
    sleep(1)

# Example of function spawning and implicit I/O calls
def posix_calls(val):
    index, is_spawn = val
    path = f"{cwd}/data/demofile{index}.txt"
    f = open(path, "w+")
    f.write("Now the file has more content!")
    f.close()
    if is_spawn:
        print(f"Calling spawn on {index} with pid {os.getpid()}")
        log_inst.finalize() # This need to be called to correctly finalize DFTracer.
    else:
        print(f"Not calling spawn on {index} with pid {os.getpid()}")

# NPZ calls internally calls POSIX calls.
def npz_calls(index):
    # print(f"{cwd}/data/demofile2.npz")
    path = f"{cwd}/data/demofile{index}.npz"
    if os.path.exists(path):
        os.remove(path)
    records = np.random.randint(255, size=(8, 8, 1024), dtype=np.uint8)
    record_labels = [0] * 1024
    np.savez(path, x=records, y=record_labels)

def main():
    log_events(0)
    npz_calls(1)
    with get_context('spawn').Pool(1, initializer=init) as pool:
        pool.map(posix_calls, ((2, True),))
    log_inst.finalize()

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
```

> For this example, as the `DFTRACER_CPP_INIT` do not pass `logfile` or `data_dir`, we need to set `DFTRACER_LOG_FILE` and `DFTRACER_DATA_DIR`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, as the `dftracer.initialize_log` do not pass `logfile` or `data_dir`, we need to set `DFTRACER_LOG_FILE` and `DFTRACER_DATA_DIR`.
```
